Let's start our second me meeting on conceptual design. and we will have three presentations. and we'll have to decide on the remote control concept. I I think I will let our User Interface Designer speak first, Mister David Jordan.
There's three concepts in the user interface. So first one it's a Google controller. The second is a fancy controller. The last one is intelligent controller. the first is Google controller. I want the controller to be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. The second concept is a fancy controller,. we want give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive,. the the user the the user interface should be very very cute, very very. Such like this, there are several examples in the slides.
I'm not sure the one in the middle is very attractive. We'll have big discussion I suppose after that,
The last concept is intelligent. so maybe we should use. technology, such as speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology,. so we need to have coop some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and gesture recognition. With this advanced features we I think we can attract a lot of user.
Because for the intelligent controller, you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition,. but as the expert told us, most of the people want to use the remote control to zap to zap between channels. Do you think they will be able to use gestures? Because, if they do all the time the same gesture, as you said previously in the last meeting, maybe they will get injuries because of that? or if you say channel three channel three two three four six five, I think they will be bored after a while.
I think some time it's very convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use button. For example, if you cannot find your controller, you can just just just speak something such as, yeah, one two.
But suppose you got a cold. You have a mute remote controller.
But how how is how risky is it to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition?
For limited vocabulary speech recognition is very reliable and for limited vocabulary gesture recognition is also very
But suppose you have a family watching TV, and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time, do you think it will work? Everybody wanting to change channel in the same time? so they say oh channel four channel three channel four channel three all the time,
That's that's the advantage of intelligent controller. Even you you have the controller, I can I can say channel three,
No, but this is disadvant disadvantage.
And mayb maybe we can have the switching mode to pass from you know voice controller to
How how much will it cost?
More expensive maybe.
We don't have to do some basic research on this field.
Y you have also the language problem,. 'Cause it it have to be universal,
The vocabulary is very small,
But there is one problem that Baba talked about is the international. The recognition system will be able to understand French.
This could be downloaded by the web maybe,
And with no increase in the pri production price of the remote control?
Even for each for even for different family we have to do yeah we would we have to do adaptation to
Seems to be quite complex.
It it just the microphone is embedded in the controller.
But wha what is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have a remote control li like this, if you have an object. If you want to use voice or gesture you need to be free, without any object. you so you can build a kind of black box. and put it on TV and just to recognize gestures and voice.
Do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition?
Think it we should give the flexibility to the user. You can see they can switch form one modality to another.
It's a bit risky risky.
But I think that, you know, switching from one country to to another will be a problem,
I'm sure if the user pays the same price, he's happy to have recognition.
I think it would be better not to do any intelligent controller. and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller. Maybe try to mix the Google controller and the fancy controller?
Stick to the first two parts. So what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market? so is there is there any necessary to design new controller without any breakthrough features? Would would you replace your controller with a controller with similar function if you do not have some some function inside it that
We can add for example some function like for browsing in internet, so or something like that.
You that's a fun that's not the function of the controller,. but with the features of our controller such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile but you seldom use it, your mobile,. the feature is not one hundred percent reliable,. but it's a feature to distinguish our product from our from other products.
But we we want something th that works all the time, every day, every hour, for everyone.
So I I guess if can have a remote control that is really basic, simple and works fine, it's already a lot. if he has something that works fine and is really fancy, looks nice and it's easy easy to use, easy to use.
But the there's there's there's not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one if there's no key feature in the new controller.
Let's go to the Industrial Designer. Maybe we'll be able to take a decision after that,. I think there's something wrong with your
It did didn't receive it. Didn't receive it.
Maybe you you record it somewhere else. I think it will be interesting after your presentation to have Baba's presentation.
It was in fact the design use to show you the design of what is inside a what is inside and what are the different component of the r. So it will be interesting so I could show you some some picture of what is inside. something I want to discuss is which kind of material are we going to use,. will it will be wooden wooden di wooden remote control. or a a plastic remote control like this one. in which which which kind will be the the different bu button,. it can be some, you know, classic pushbutton like this one,. or you have also some button like LCD. the other thing I want to discuss also is which kind of alimentation, electric alimentation do you want to have,. so will it be for example solar energy alimentation. or will it be a battery like the classical battery. for example in some country where you are in the the countryside and you are far from, you know, the cities for example in some place in in Senegal, so if you have electric if you have solar alimentation, you just, when you want to have recharger or remote control power you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can come
And maybe it can attract all the ecological yeah consumers. but about the the price of adding this solar battery, would it be something really that will increase the price of production more,
If we want to have battery, regular battery and and the solar energy battery it could be it'll it will add a little bit of the price,. the plastic material is more common. but, you know, something wooden will be like, I don't know high cl so a special high class,
And i if you we want to put fashion in electronics maybe we can try to do something with wood.
The last point is also would do you want to have some very cheap integrated cir circuits, chips, or do you have low level or or very very expensive,. but I think that low level will be, you know, it is an interim module.
And so I think maybe something very low level wou would be enough.
I think the buttons I pr I prefer, you know, the LCD you know lighted buttons
What about the touch scr touch screen? For example. It's it's expensive I I guess.
I think we have only five minutes left.
Just to meet the user requirements I would just do a short anal analysis of the remote control market. and to kind of have a better overview of what's the fashion in general I've checked more than only the remote control market,. user really really want a fancy look and feel. Like the one you've shown, David, with all the buttons and I mean i i it sounds good technically. second point is they still want it it to be technologically innovative,. so maybe it's sort of related to what you've said with the speech recognition and so on. At the same time, it's important that it's easy to use. that were the three first points from the remote control analysis. Wha what we really see this year is that everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is is inspired by fruits and vegetables,. so I think we really have to take this into account for the design of the the thing. And then if if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points, fancy look and feel has, on a score of seven would have six as importance. the remote control has to be technologically innovative, it's three. Then easy to use it's not so important actually with respect to other other ones. And the other point I haven't mention is people wan want to have a spongy touch,. this is this maybe doesn't really fit with the wooden design.
But the problem is which kind of material do you need to to be spongy?
Plastic-like, but rubber, mayb maybe, you know, rubber-like
We have to take decisions about the component concepts, about the energy. maybe using solar energy and with battery would be something interesting,. cheap imprint so you you propose low level chips would be enough to have something working well.
I think we can have wood for example in the bottom and, you know.
It's it's natural. so maybe we can stay with wood.
But we could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons,
And what about the user interface concept? Google and fancy? Because I think that with the voice and gesture recognition there are still some disadvantages with this.
The problem is I I'm we can infer i if you have voice control why not to put it directly on the the TV, so speak directly to the TV and you don't need a remote control actually,
So maybe we'll just focus on the Google controller plus the fancy controller,. maybe try to mix them these two concepts together, just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood. And LCD buttons. I think for these supplements the solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add. commands, words and use them when you don't want to use your fingers.
Even it is for just some kids, you know, switching channels one two three four. Not very complex commands, but easy commands,. Yeah, simple ones
We'll you will all have to work in in your direction. So you will have to work on the look and feel design, to have the easy to use, powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition. you will have to work more, Baba, on the spongy way to to add spongy touch to the buttons. and try to find maybe a nice shape for the wooden remote control. And I sup I think we'll have to evaluate th the product too. So you will have Baba and David Jordan you will have to work together on the prototype. and you will have next time to show us modelling a cl a clay remote control,. And I think that some specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach.